Create rule S6312: Extension functions on CoroutineScope should not be suspending (#178)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S6312/kotlin/rule.adoc

> In asynchronous programming in Kotlin with coroutines there are 2 ways of defining an async function. The first one is using modifier `suspend` in the function declaration and the second one is to create an extension function on `CoroutineScope`.

Reviewer: There are two ways to define asynchronous functions in Kotlin:
* using the modifier `suspend` in the function declaration
* creating an extension function on `CoroutineScope`

> `suspend` modifier is used for the functions that might take some time to compute the result. Which means that they can potentially suspend the caller coroutine.

Reviewer: The `suspend` is generally used for functions that might take some time to complete. The caller coroutine might be potentially suspended.

> For the functions that return result immediately but are starting the coroutine in the background it is suggested to write an extension function for `CoroutineScope`. This means that extension functions on `CoroutineScope` are not supposed to be `suspend`.

Reviewer: For the functions that return results immediately but starts the coroutine in the background, it is suggested to write an extension function on `CoroutineScope`. This means that extension functions on `CoroutineScope`s are not supposed to be `suspend`ed.

== Noncompliant Code Example

----
suspend fun CoroutineScope.f(): Int {
    val resource1 = loadResource1()
    val resource2 = loadResource2()
    return resource1.size + resource2.size
}
----

== Compliant Solution

> ----

Reviewer: I suggest to add a "title" before each snippet of code to explain there are two solutions possible such as: 

Using `suspend`:

suspend fun f(): Int {
    val resource1 = loadResource1()
    val resource2 = loadResource2()
    return resource1.size + resource2.size
}

Using extension on `CoroutineScope`:

fun CoroutineScope.f(): Deferred<Int> = async {
    val resource1 = loadResource1()
    val resource2 = loadResource2()
    resource1.size + resource2.size
}

There are two ways to define asynchronous functions in Kotlin:

* using the modifier `suspend` in the function declaration
* creating an extension function on `CoroutineScope` (or passing it as a parameter)

The `suspend` modifier is generally used for functions that might take some time to complete. The caller coroutine might be potentially suspended.

> For the functions that return results immediately but start the coroutine in the background, it is suggested to write an extension function on `CoroutineScope`. This means that extension functions on `CoroutineScopes` are not supposed to have a `suspend` modifier.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Functions that return results immediately but start a coroutine in the background should be written as extension functions on `CoroutineScope`. At the same time, these functions should not be declared `suspend`, as suspending functions should not leave running background behind.
```

> Functions that return results immediately but start a coroutine in the background should be written as extension functions on `CoroutineScope`. At the same time, these functions should not be declared `suspend`, as suspending functions should not leave running background behind.

Reviewer 2: My bad, I forgot a word :(
```suggestion
Functions that return results immediately but start a coroutine in the background should be written as extension functions on `CoroutineScope`. At the same time, these functions should not be declared `suspend`, as suspending functions should not leave running background tasks behind.
```
